it's fantasy suite week on The Bachelor
this is the time of the year when The
Bachelor has the opportunity to take his
final three concubines on a test drive
of course I might pick to win in all the
season Hannah Anne was the first to
partake in the sweet sweet fantasy
[Music]
fetish going on are they having sex are
being murdered with poison gas that
might a lot of the drama tonight was
focused on Madison now Madison is one of
the contestants she revealed to Peter
that she's a virgin she's saving herself
for marriage Peter we learned in the
windmill last year is not saving himself
a marriage but Madison Warren has said
that if Peter did it with any of the two
remaining women she would lead the show
and so Peter had to tell Madison I did
it with both of the remaining women I I
have been intimate and
I can't lie to you about that get life
because it's all on camera I can't lie
because if something were to happen we
would be watching this but that was
nothing compared Peters mother provided
what I don't know where this came from
but this might be the most dramatic
teaser moment in bachelor history
[Music]
my god what are they gonna do eat her
we need her life force Peter bring mommy
an offering
she met this woman once ISM and as if
that wasn't enough we learned tonight
there could be another version of the
bachelor in the works looking for love
in your golden years we're looking for
eligible seniors who want their shot at
love we are really bachelor in Hospice
I'll tell you this I am NOT gonna be a
bachelor contestant and when I get older
ever when I am in my golden years future
me and future Guillermo we will be
focused on trying to help our remaining
living fans figure out how to spend
their social security checks the
following is a paid advertisement for
many meals
hello I'm former talk show host and
partially recovered gambling addict
Jimmy Kimmel as an old person I take a
lot of pills but pills can be so hard to
swallow if only there was an easier way
to get that medicine down now there is
many meals many meals are microwavable
dinners jam-packed with all the doctor
prescribed medications you need to not
die every week a cooler of many meals is
delivered directly to your door many
meals come in a variety of delicious and
prescription options including klonopin
a pasta three teas ravi agra chicken
parmesan be an oxy cordon bleu and so
many more when it's time to medicate
simply pop your Medi meal in the
microwave set the timer for three
minutes and thirty minutes later voila
time to munch away those aches and pains
hmm boys used to me who makes many meals
doctors chefs that's the best part
no one knows to order a trial
subscription of many meals call the
number on your screen many meals their
gross
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it